Add a template loader for the k8s/builder (#67)
ChauffeurPrive/nestor-api: README.md

|              `NESTOR_REPLICAS_DEFAULT_MAX` | `10`                   | `replicas` | Default maximum number of replicas                          |
| `NESTOR_REPLICAS_DEFAULT_TARGET_CPU_USAGE` | `75`                   | `%`        | Default target cpu usage that will trigger an autoscaling   |
|                    `NESTOR_K8S_HTTP_PROXY` |                        |            | The kubernetes HTTP_PROXY                                   |

> |               `NESTOR_K8S_TEMPLATE_FOLDER` | `templates`            |            | The subfolder in which the "build" templates will be loaded |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|               `NESTOR_K8S_TEMPLATE_FOLDER` | `templates`            |            | The subfolder in which the k8s templates are located |
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|               `NESTOR_K8S_TEMPLATE_FOLDER` | `templates`            |            | The subfolder in which the k8s templates are stored |
```
